README.md, before:

# A Cure for Sitting

A cure for sitting is a project looking to educate software developers on ways to combat the negative physical effects of sitting for long periods of time. This site will be focused towards those who have tried the conventional interventions such as workplace ergonomics and passive physical modalities like cupping and dry needling and who are still suffering with aches and pains. The site is intended to be an intro to a new, proven method of pain relief through breath work and movement with the intent of future participation in a workplace wellness workshop or webinar. 

<!-- add >

## Features
+ The site will be broken into three main sections directed towards educating and capturing the readers interest towards physical health when working in a seated position for long periods of time. 

  + The first section will be an intro paragraph overviewing the effects shallow breathing and focused vision has on the para-sympathetic nervous system and it's connection to muscular stiffness with an external link to a supporting article.
  + The second sections will be a practical way of applying the information provided through a youtube video of an exercise designed for those in a seated position suffering from low back or upper back pain with a supporting paragraph of text.
  + The third and final section will be an interest peaking *myth-busting* fact about posture and an accompanying thumbnail image hyperlinked to an instagram video to help explain the topic even more.

## Existing Features

+ **Navigation bar**

    + Featured on both pages and locked in place as you scroll through the landing page with responsive links to each of the three sections, home, contact & socials and the email list sign-up section. 
    + This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.

Commit message:

docs: add features to  README.md file

README.md, after:

# A Cure for Sitting

A cure for sitting is a project looking to educate software developers on ways to combat the negative physical effects of sitting for long periods of time. This site will be focused towards those who have tried the conventional interventions such as workplace ergonomics and passive physical modalities like cupping and dry needling and who are still suffering with aches and pains. The site is intended to be an intro to a new, proven method of pain relief through breath work and movement with the intent of future participation in a workplace wellness workshop or webinar. 

<!-- add screenshot generator image here -->

## Features
+ Nav bar & header design. This will introduce the general style of the site with the heading **A Cure For Sitting** and navigation links to the following features/sections.
<!-- link to naviagation bar with image here -->

+ The site will be broken into three main sections directed towards educating and capturing the readers interest towards physical health when working in a seated position for long periods of time. 

  + The first section will be an intro paragraph overviewing the effects shallow breathing and focused vision has on the para-sympathetic nervous system and it's connection to muscular stiffness with an external link to a supporting article.
  + The second sections will be a practical way of applying the information provided through a youtube video of an exercise designed for those in a seated position suffering from low back or upper back pain with a supporting paragraph of text.
  + The third and final section will be an interest peaking *myth-busting* fact about posture and an accompanying thumbnail image hyperlinked to an instagram video to help explain the topic even more.
  + Each section will be clearly layed out and given dominating areas of left, center and right respectively with an anatomical background image in faded red sketch style to convay a clinical tone without being too sterile.
<!-- link to sections tab here -->

+ Footer with same design as header for continuity with social links to encourage reaching out that open in a new tab and another call to action to sign up for the email list to further encourage sign ups to the webinar/workshop.
<!-- link to image and footer tab here -->

+ Sign up page will give users the chance to enter their email, name and interest in either a webinar or workshop with more encouragment to reach out via social media links and email address. 
<!-- link to sign up page with image here -->


## Existing Features

+ **Navigation bar**

    + Featured on both pages and locked in place as you scroll through the landing page with responsive links to each of the three sections, home, contact & socials and the email list sign-up section. 
    + This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.

    <!-- image link to nav bar here -->
